refactor: shrink embeddable core API to its documented surface (#126)
taskctl/taskctl: README.md

## Embeddable task runner
*taskctl* may be embedded into any Go program. Additional information may be found on taskctl's [pkg.go.dev](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/taskctl/taskctl?tab=overview) page.

> The public, embeddable API is exactly five packages — `task`, `variables`, `executor`, `runner`, `scheduler`. Everything under `internal/` and `cmd/` is CLI plumbing and not importable. This surface is deliberately minimal and pre-1.0, so it may change between minor releases.

Author: ```suggestion
The public, embeddable API is exactly five packages — `task`, `variables`, `executor`, `runner`, `scheduler`. Everything under `internal/` is CLI-only and not importable; `cmd/` contains CLI plumbing and is not part of the supported embeddable API.
```
